index.md, before:

---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: "ortfo:"
  text: A portfolio website creation system that <em>scales</em>
  tagline: Keeping a portfolio website up to date, with 100+ projects? Never been that easy.
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: What is ortfo?
      link: /guide/what-is-ortfo
    - theme: alt
      text: Getting Started
      link: /guide/getting-started

features:
  - icon: 📦
    title: Organize your projects' articles easily
    details: With Scattered mode, you can keep your portfolio articles in the same directory as your projects.
    link: /db/scattered-mode
  - icon: ✨
    title: Batteries-included
    details: ortfo comes with all of what you need, such as Thumbnail generation, Tags, Complex layouts, and plenty more.
    link: /db/features
  - icon: 📝
    title: Standards-based
    details: Describe your works in Markdown files. Export everything into a JSON file. It's future-proof.
    link: /db/your-first-description-file
  - icon: 🔧
    title: Extensible
    details: ortfo features a rich exporter plugin system that you can very easily tap into by writing a single YAML file.
    link: /db/exporters/introduction
---

Commit message:

✨ Add examples, add iframes to /users

index.md, after:

---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: "ortfo:"
  text: A portfolio website creation system that <em>scales</em>
  tagline: Keeping a portfolio website up to date, with 100+ projects? Never been that easy.
  image:
    src: /logo.png
    alt: A demo of ortfo/db's features
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: What is ortfo?
      link: /guide/what-is-ortfo
    - theme: alt
      text: Getting Started
      link: /guide/getting-started
    - theme: alt
      text: See it in action
      link: /users

features:
  - icon: 📦
    title: Organize your projects' articles easily
    details: With Scattered mode, you can keep your portfolio articles in the same directory as your projects.
    link: /db/scattered-mode
  - icon: ✨
    title: Batteries-included
    details: ortfo comes with all of what you need, such as Thumbnail generation, Tags, Complex layouts, and plenty more.
    link: /db/features
  - icon: 📝
    title: Standards-based
    details: Describe your works in Markdown files. Export everything into a JSON file. It's future-proof.
    link: /db/your-first-description-file
  - icon: 🔧
    title: Extensible
    details: ortfo features a rich exporter plugin system that you can very easily tap into by writing a single YAML file.
    link: /db/exporters/introduction
---
