# What is ortfo?

Ortfo has the final goal of providing _everyone_ access to a great portfolio website building experience, without the need of any technical knowledge, but by being extensible enough so that tinkerers can make the most out of it.


## The plan

Multiple projects are planned for the ortfo "ecosystem":

[ortfo/db](/db)
: the "database" layer: write description markdown files, get a JSON file out. Generate thumbnails, extract proeminent colors, and more

ortfo/mk
: a static site generator that uses the JSON files generated by ortfo/db to generate a static website. Will need to provide a way to theme the website and be extensible.
: most importantly, if users want to generate their portfolios otherwise, they should be able to not use ortfo/mk, and rely on [ortfo/db's Exporters](/db/exporters/introduction.md) to maintain a relatively automated process.
: a [first version](https://github.com/ortfo/mk-old), now archived, was made in Go but was kinda messy (because I wanted to use Pug for the templates, and did a _lot_ of things by hand), and had too much hard-coded for my own portfolio.
: i'm currently researching how popular static site generators are designed to see how I could tailor-make one for the ortfo ecosystem.

ortfo/gui
: a graphical user interface, so that anyone can use ortfo without having to be a tech person. This project is currently a [work in progress](https://github.com/ortfo/gui)
: it should interface with ortfo/db, and ortfo/mk, but have a way to not use ortfo/mk if the user wants to generate their portfolio otherwise.

## Why?

It started out as a personal project for my own portfolio, because I was getting annoyed at how cumbersome managing all the articles for all of my projects was. I wanted it to be as easy as possible to add new stuff to my portfolio.

I started out around high school with a PHP site and a MySQL database, then went on to hardcoded pages… And finally to the most sensible option: describing my projects in markdown files, and statically generating the site.

The thing is that showing off your projects in a cool way requires more data than you think:

- if you want to have interesting layouts on your pages (stuff like having images side-by-side), instead of a boring linear list of paragraphs, you need [a way to express this](/db/layouts.md).
- If you want colorful pages, having [a way to extract proeminent colors automatically](/db/colors.md) is nice.
- You surely need to show off the technologies that you can use in your projects, so having a way to [describe the technologies you use](/db/technologies.md) is cool.
- Of course, a cornerstone of blogs and portfolios, having a [tagging system](/db/tags.md) to categorize your projects is useful, especially if you create a lof different stuff, such as [electronic music](https://ewen.works/to/spotify), [software](https://github.com/ewen-lbh) and [digital art](https://ewen.works/graphism) (shamless self-promotion, woops)
- If you want to translate your portfolio articles (we don't all live in English-speaking countries), having a way to [translate your articles](/db/internationalization.md) is a must.
- For performance reasons, [generating thumbnails](/db/thumbnails.md) is important, but can be cumbersome and/or expensive to setup
